add ldap authentication (#80)
certsocietegenerale/fame: web/auth/ldap/REAMDE.md

# Installation

> The LDAP authentication module required the python-ldap package to be available to FAME. It can be installed with this command: `utils/run.sh -m pip install python-ldap~=3.2.0`. This install the required package into the pip environment that is used by FAME.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The LDAP authentication module requires the python-ldap package to be available to FAME. It can be installed with this command: `utils/run.sh -m pip install python-ldap~=3.2.0`. This installs the required package into the virtualenv that is used by FAME.
```
